Add tutorial: Clade Workload Identty integration with Agent ID (#6132)
wso2/docs-is: en/identity-server/7.2.0/docs/tutorials/index.md

- [Integrating WSO2 Identity Server With WSO2 AI Gateway for Agent Identity-Aware Access Control]({{base_path}}/tutorials/wso2-ai-gateway-with-agent-identity-aware-access-control/)
- [Integrating WSO2 Identity Server With Kong AI Gateway for Agent Identity-Aware Access Control]({{base_path}}/tutorials/kong-ai-gateway-with-agent-identity-aware-access-control/)
- [Secure MCP servers with WSO2 Identity Server and integrate them with n8n agentic flows]({{base_path}}/tutorials/secure-mcp-servers-and-integrate-them-with-n8n-agentic-flows/)

> - [Authenticate Agents with WSO2 Agent ID to Claude API Using Workload Identity Federation]({{base_path}}/tutorials/agent-id-claude-authentication/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Authenticate AI Agents with WSO2 Agent ID to Claude API Using Workload Identity Federation]({{base_path}}/tutorials/agent-id-claude-authentication/)
```

> - [Authenticate Agents with their own Agent ID to Claude API Using Workload Identity Federation]({{base_path}}/tutorials/agent-id-claude-authentication/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Authenticate Agents with WSO2 Agent ID to Claude API Using Workload Identity Federation]({{base_path}}/tutorials/agent-id-claude-authentication/)
```
